package Data::MuForm::Manual::FormHandlerDiff;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This documents the differences between FormHandler and MuForm, in order to
assist converting forms or deciding which package to use.

Note: this is still a work in process, so please contact me if your
favorite feature has gone missing. Some features may be supplied via
roles.

The 'result' objects have been removed because there was too much overhead
and complication for low payout. Some rendering tasks were practically
impossible to support using the results.

Note: the rendering is entirely different, so much that there's no point in
documenting the individual differences here. No more widgets. I found that the rendering
of form elements hardly changed at all, and that trying to have one wrapper
method that handled everything ended up with a large mess. Attributes that
were rendering specific have been mostly moved into a render_args hashref
that will be passed to a renderer, in order to allow more flexibility and reduce
the overhead of form construction. I attempted to make it easier to render
in templates with 'render_element' while still allowing full-automatic rendering.
See the rendering documentation. There will be 'layouts'.

No 'has_block', since that's purely a rendering thing. There will some way of
doing something similar in the renderer, but it's not yet been developed.

Localization now uses a gettext style .po file and a gettext type localizer,
with named parameters.
Users can supply their own localizer as long as it can use the translation
files and supports the calls that the internal add_error* methods use.

Added 'check' method for validation, which doesn't do 'update_model', for
non-form type validation.

Added 'data' alias for 'params', for better naming when doing simple validation

Renamed 'field_name_space' to 'field_namespace'

Standardized returns from attributes to arrayref, instead of array. If an array return
is available it will be in the 'all_' version. The important ones are 'options' and 'fields'.
A field 'options' returns an arrayref of options. 'all_options' returns an array. The 'fields'
attribute returns an arrayref of fields, 'all_fields' returns an array.

The trim method is a separate coderef and is not added to the apply actions. Needs to
be defined as a simple coderef instead of an apply-style action.

The active => [] and inactive => [] no longer have a permanent build (on new) effect.
Do in your own form code if you want this. They still work the same on ->process.

The 'posted' flag has been renamed to 'submitted', because you also need on a 'get'. Also
a params hashref with no field name keys will not need the submitted => 0 flag.

The 'active' and 'inactive' flags are implemented slightly differently, but shouldn't affect
field definitions.

Removed 'use_fields_for_input_without_param'. Can be implemented in other ways.

Removed flag 'use_init_obj_when_no_accessor_in_item'. This should happen automatically now.

Removed flag 'use_init_obj_over_item'. Just use init_object in your process call instead.

Removed flag 'use_defaults_over_obj'. Use a transform instead.

Removed 'no_update' flag on form. Use 'check' method instead.

Removed 'update_field_list'. Can be implemented easily via user code if needed.

Removed 'defaults' on 'process'. Use init_object instead or implement via user code.

The inflate/deflate transforms have been renamed: 'inflate_method' = 'transform_input_to_value',
'deflate_method' = 'tranform_value_to_fif', 'inflate_default_method' = 'transform_default_to_value',
'deflate_value_method' = 'transform_value_after_validate'. Added new transform: 'transform_param_to_input'.

Removed 'deflation'. Many other ways of doing this.

Removed 'missing'.

Various methods that could be set in a field definition have been moved into a 'methods' hashref:
'build_id', 'build_options', 'build_label', 'validate', 'default'.

TextArea field renamed to Textarea for consistency.

A number of trivial fields are no longer supplied by the distribution. If you need these fields
it should be pretty easy to create your own. Some fields not supplied: Hour, Minute, Month,
MonthDay, MonthName, Second, Weekday, Year, BoolSelect, DateMDY, PosInteger, Duration, DateTime,
Password, PasswordConf, IntRange.  Could possibly be supplied in a compatibility library. Let me
know if you want this.

DBIC Model: the 'item' is now cleared on process like the other attributes. This is probably mainly
different in tests.

=cut

1;
